quantityOfPeople = 26
mostCommonMaleName = Aiden
leastCommonMaleName = Jackson
mostCommonFemaleName = Addison
leastCommonFemaleName = Elizabeth
mostCommonAge = from 11 to 15
leastCommonAge = from 31 to 35
mostCommonGender = female
leastCommonGender = male
mostCommonCountry = Mexico
leastCommonCountry = Japan
mostCommonMaritalStatus = Engaged
leastCommonMaritalStatus = Married
mostCommonQuantityOfChildren = 4
leastCommonQuantityOfChildren = 1
mostCommonJob = Unemployed
leastCommonJob = Teacher
mostCommonSalary = 0 - unemployed
leastCommonSalary = from 1001 to 2000


quantityOfPeople = 23
mostCommonMaleName = Joseph
leastCommonMaleName = Jackson
mostCommonFemaleName = Elizabeth
leastCommonFemaleName = Charlotte
mostCommonAge = from 71 to 75
leastCommonAge = from 1 to 5
mostCommonGender = female
leastCommonGender = male
mostCommonCountry = England
leastCommonCountry = Italy
mostCommonMaritalStatus = Divorced
leastCommonMaritalStatus = Married
mostCommonQuantityOfChildren = 6
leastCommonQuantityOfChildren = 1
mostCommonJob = Baker
leastCommonJob = Teacher
mostCommonSalary = from 1001 to 2000
leastCommonSalary = 0 - unemployed


quantityOfPeople = 19
mostCommonMaleName = Jayden
leastCommonMaleName = Jackson
mostCommonFemaleName = Britney
leastCommonFemaleName = Elizabeth
mostCommonAge = from 21 to 25
leastCommonAge = from 1 to 5
mostCommonGender = female
leastCommonGender = male
mostCommonCountry = USA
leastCommonCountry = Germany
mostCommonMaritalStatus = Married
leastCommonMaritalStatus = Unmarried
mostCommonQuantityOfChildren = 4
leastCommonQuantityOfChildren = 3
mostCommonJob = Doctor
leastCommonJob = Teacher
mostCommonSalary = from 2001 to 3000
leastCommonSalary = 0 - unemployed


quantityOfPeople = 19
mostCommonMaleName = Andrew
leastCommonMaleName = Joseph
mostCommonFemaleName = Catherine
leastCommonFemaleName = Elizabeth
mostCommonAge = from 21 to 25
leastCommonAge = from 1 to 5
mostCommonGender = male
leastCommonGender = female
mostCommonCountry = China
leastCommonCountry = France
mostCommonMaritalStatus = Unmarried
leastCommonMaritalStatus = Divorced
mostCommonQuantityOfChildren = 4
leastCommonQuantityOfChildren = 0
mostCommonJob = Author
leastCommonJob = Scientist
mostCommonSalary = from 3001 to 4000
leastCommonSalary = 0 - unemployed


quantityOfPeople = 13
mostCommonMaleName = Elijah
leastCommonMaleName = Jackson
mostCommonFemaleName = Olivia
leastCommonFemaleName = Elizabeth
mostCommonAge = from 21 to 25
leastCommonAge = from 1 to 5
mostCommonGender = female
leastCommonGender = male
mostCommonCountry = England
leastCommonCountry = USA
mostCommonMaritalStatus = Unmarried
leastCommonMaritalStatus = Engaged
mostCommonQuantityOfChildren = 0
leastCommonQuantityOfChildren = 6
mostCommonJob = Teacher
leastCommonJob = Military
mostCommonSalary = from 4001 to 5000
leastCommonSalary = 0 - unemployed


